---
layout: post
title:  "GGA Meeting December 4th 2015"
subtitle: "Woohoo!"
date:   2015-12-04 23:34:01
categories: [gga]
---
 
GGA Meeting notes / link: 

[https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ubcgga-meeting-20151204](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ubcgga-meeting-20151204)

The timestamped notes are below
***

<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>ubcgga-meeting-20151204</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: none; padding-left:0;}body > ol { counter-reset: first second third fourth fifth sixth seventh eigth ninth tenth eleventh twelth thirteenth fourteenth fifteenth sixteenth; }ol > li:before {content: counter(first) ". " ;counter-increment: first;}ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) ". " ;counter-increment: second;}ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) ". ";counter-increment: third;}ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) ". ";counter-increment: fourth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) ". ";counter-increment: fifth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) ". ";counter-increment: sixth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) ". ";counter-increment: seventh;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) ". ";counter-increment: eigth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) "." counter(ninth) ". ";counter-increment: ninth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) "." counter(ninth) "." counter(tenth) ". ";counter-increment: tenth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) "." counter(ninth) "." counter(tenth) "." counter(eleventh) ". ";counter-increment: eleventh;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) "." counter(ninth) "." counter(tenth) "." counter(eleventh) "." counter(twelth) ". ";counter-increment: twelth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) "." counter(ninth) "." counter(tenth) "." counter(eleventh) "." counter(twelth) "." counter(thirteenth) ". ";counter-increment: thirteenth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "." counter(eigth) "." counter(ninth) "." counter(tenth) "." counter(eleventh) "." counter(twelth) "." counter(thirteenth) "." counter(fourteenth) ". ";counter-increment: fourteenth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "."  counter(eigth) "."  counter(ninth) "."  counter(tenth) "."  counter(eleventh) "."  counter(twelth) "."  counter(thirteenth) "."  counter(fourteenth) "." counter(fifteenth) ". ";counter-increment: fifteenth;}ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > li:before {content: counter(first) "." counter(second) "." counter(third) "." counter(fourth) "." counter(fifth) "." counter(sixth) "." counter(seventh) "."  counter(eigth) "."  counter(ninth) "."  counter(tenth) "."  counter(eleventh) "."  counter(twelth) "."  counter(thirteenth) "."  counter(fourteenth) "."  counter(fifteenth) "."  counter(sixthteenth) ". ";counter-increment: sixthteenth;}ol{ text-indent: 0px; }ol > ol{ text-indent: 10px; }ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 20px; }ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 30px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 40px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 50px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 60px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 70px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 80px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 90px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 100px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 110px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol { text-indent: 120px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 130px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 140px; }ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol > ol{ text-indent: 150px; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>UBC GGA Meeting</strong><br><strong>December 4 : 3:00 PM</strong><br><br><br><strong>Roll Call!</strong><br><br>Name &#x2F; Degree Program &#x2F; Contact<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Joey Lee &#x2F; MSc &#x2F; @leejoeyk (twitter)</li><li>&nbsp;Leo King&#x2F;PhD&#x2F;@Leonora_King (like I ever use this!)</li><li>&nbsp;</li><li>&nbsp;</li></ul><br>==============<br><strong>Fun question:&nbsp;</strong><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>What&#x27;s the coolest thing you&#x27;ve seen on the web this week?&nbsp;<br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>&nbsp;Our website, obviously. I agree. Also maybe this, whatever this is. Ps Joey how do we make the chat work?!</li></ul>===========<br><br><strong>Agenda</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>GGA Documentation --&gt; ETHERPAD!&nbsp;</strong></li><ul class="bullet"><li>Welcome to the Etherpad - this is an online collaborative document creator - can we use this to replace word documents and keep documentation of meetings, questions, comments, etc?&nbsp;</li><li>using a format like this is also more inclusive - people can add their htoughts&#x2F;ideas&#x2F;questions remotely or even in the meeting if they are feeling shy.&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Committee check-ins: </strong>please either send an update ahead of time or a representative to the meeting</li></ul><br><ul><ul class="bullet"><li>Questions&#x2F;comments?</li><li><strong>GGA Co-Chairs</strong></li><ul class="bullet"><li>leo and kelsey</li><li>what are the priorities?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>1. website!!! (see below) - collaborative and useful for resoruces and talk about thigns that matter -- collective knowledge!&nbsp;</li><li>2. creating a more convivial atmosphere - socialization -- &gt; make more human and physical tango&nbsp; -- we have money to play</li><li>3. big projects for the grad committee&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><li><strong>Departmental Meetings Reps</strong> (Mike&#x2F;Lucy)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>lucy wasn&#x27;t at the meeting b&#x2F;c she was teaching but mike has sent around the minutes</li><li>new hire for human geography&nbsp;</li><li>And GIS person&nbsp;</li><li>from mike:</li><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li><li><strong>Chair&#8217;s report:</strong></li><ul class="bullet"><li>Department is conducting review of courses in terms of term allocation, allotment of students, TAs, and other resources (based on financial pressures, lack of capacity to serve undergrad students). Some examples Marwan provided:</li></ul><li>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 310 will be taught both terms (200 students each)</li><li><br></li><li>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Increase in enrollment capacity for 4th year courses</li><li><br></li><li>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; iii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This year there are 29 sessionals, next year plan is for there to be 18. Could mean revisiting teaching requirements for faculty from current 9 credits&#x2F;year.</li><li><br></li><li>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; iv.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Possible decrease of TA allocations for larger, general courses (such as 102, 103)</li><li><br></li><li>All of this will be further discussed during departmental retreat planned for April 2016.</li><li><br></li><li>&nbsp;</li><li><br></li><li><strong>New Associates</strong></li><li><br></li><li>&nbsp;</li><li><br></li><li>Motion to appoint Dr. John Paul (JP) Catungal as an Associate of the Department of Geography, for a term of five years (renewable), in conjunction with his position as a faculty member (Instructor I, Tenure-Track) in UBC&#8217;s Institute for Gender, Race, Sexuality and Social Justice, starting in January 2016. Approved.</li><li><br></li><li>Motion to officially appoint Leila Harris as an Associate of the Department of Geography, for a term of five years (renewable), in conjunction with her position as a faculty member (with tenure) at the Institute for Resources, Environment, and Sustainability at the University of British Columbia and the Institute for Gender, Race, Sexuality and Social Justice. Issues concerning ability for Harris to supervise within Geography subject to further discussion. Approved.&nbsp;</li><li><br></li><li>New Hires in GIS &amp; Human Geography&nbsp;</li><li><br></li><li>Considering a strategic hire, minimum 7-year position, someone already within their career, who can bring new direction(s) to department within human geography.</li><li>Discussion on need for GIS research in department, according to Marwan UBC is only school in British Columbia without GIS program (even at college level), possible GIS hire as early as September 2016 &#x2F; September 2017. Consensus for Marwan to proceed with further exploration on this.</li><li><strong>Grad Committee Report</strong></li><li>(by Jim)</li><li>Completion times:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Proposal to have a suggested timeline posted on website for various graduate programs</li><li>Possible official reporting requirement for annual meetings with ctte to discuss progress etc.</li></ul></ul></ul><li><strong>GSS Reps</strong> (Connie)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>has not been to meetings&nbsp;</li><li>chat with Maria -- GSS&nbsp;</li><li>kyle volunteered so holler at him!</li><li>Mariia Popova</li><li><strong>Administrative Assistant</strong>&nbsp; |&nbsp; aa@gss.ubc.ca</li><li>T: 604.822.3203</li><li><em>For general enquires</em></li></ul><li><strong>Building safety committee </strong>(James, Dave R)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>heaters&nbsp;</li><li>now we have a large mat b&#x2F;c someone slipped&nbsp;</li><li>hot water!!&nbsp; we haven&#x27;t had it for ages ... so :(&nbsp;</li></ul><li><strong>Buddy coordinator </strong>(Bronwyn&#x2F;Cam)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>NOTHING - we need buddies</li><li>&#55357;&#56877;</li></ul><li><strong>Coffee Treasurer </strong>(Caitlyn)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Adam needs to pass the torch</li><li>paul cottle has been doing the spreadsheet --&gt; we need a replacement?</li><li>Alex (Winter) is keen&nbsp;</li></ul><li><strong>Colloqium Committee</strong> (Mikhael, Katriina, Adam)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Emily rosenmann made some suggestions&nbsp;</li><li>can we bring people in?&nbsp;</li><li>We have problems with attendance --&gt; we are scared shitless making anything mandatory&nbsp;</li><li>Possiblity to change the time --&gt; switching it back to earlier time</li><li>invited speaker?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>they get forgotten over the summer -- how do we get it going again?</li></ul><li>Can we invite up and comers?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>early career grads?</li><li>other department grads or researchers?</li><li>SFU and UBC look internally?</li></ul><li>This is for 2016-2017&nbsp;</li><li>main things:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>timing</li><li>speaker list</li><li>food??? &#55356;&#57166; --&gt; where&#x27;s the money at?&nbsp;</li></ul><li>action items:</li><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul></ul><li><strong>Comps Committee</strong> (Paige, Emily, Katie)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>human comps extravaanza:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>January 2016&nbsp;</li></ul><li>physical geogs:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>already completed - well attendend</li></ul></ul><li><strong>Computing Committee</strong> (Katriina, Joey, Tobias?)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>ipad n the kitchen</li><li>go to the computing meetings</li><li>action item:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>workshops -&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><li><strong>Equity and Diversity</strong> (Esteban, Kelsey, Tesia, Bronwyn, Connie)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>addressing sexual assault and descrimination</li><ul class="bullet"><li>reaching out to Acess and diveristy and equity and inclusion</li></ul><li>there was a faculty meeting:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>how to respond as a department to such complaints --&gt; why are we sticking our heads in the sand?</li><li>how would our dept handle a sexual assualt issue &#x2F; what are the protocols around this?</li><li>in 2012, the committee put otgether a goal for the dept. and included an outline of steps for internal issues (e.g. power relations etc) ---&gt; basically UBC pulled some power moves around legality of the document and therefore we need to remix the document</li><li>if something happens were do we go?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>talk to the chair of the equity and diversity? (Juanita is the main person now 2015-12-04) -- who should then organize all the other things&nbsp;</li><li>should we go to the police?</li></ul><li>the committee is mostly focused right now on just gathering all the resources&nbsp;&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><li><strong>Geogarden </strong>(Deirdre, Katrina)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>nothing happening --&gt;</li><li>maybe winterizing them&nbsp;</li><li>undergrads are the point-people for this&nbsp;</li><li>what happens to the garden in the summer when everyone is gone?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>sustainabilit rep will need to coordinate -- holler at them.</li><li>talk to vicky!&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><li><strong>Home Seminar</strong> (Ida, Julianna, Kelsey, Katie)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>human seminar: next week friday</li><ul class="bullet"><li>lauren warbeck&#x27;s place --&gt; with Paige as the star!&nbsp;</li><li>party afterward!&nbsp;</li></ul><li>critical geo conf:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>went super well!&nbsp;</li></ul><li>WE WANT MORE</li><li>Try to push the physical geography presence&nbsp; at the human geo seminars and vice versa</li><li>There&#x27;s money for home seminars!! &#55357;&#56496;&nbsp;</li><li>How do we make them inclusive?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>break the myth that the &quot;other&quot; stuff is too complex -- we need to train ourselved to be better communicators!&nbsp;</li><li>let&#x27;s learn interesting things</li></ul><li>Physical geo:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>november -- 15 peeps</li><li>planned next for january and every month afterward</li></ul><li>combo:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>human&#x2F;physical talk</li></ul><li>second year masters should get more practice :)</li><li>Human geo hosting physical --&gt; vice versa&nbsp;</li></ul><li><strong>Human Methods Committee</strong> (Elanna, Paige)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>planning the first seminar --&gt; late jan &#x2F; early feb</li><li>oriented around 1st year masters --&gt; how do you put together a project w&#x2F; no time</li></ul><li><strong>Social Committee </strong>(Cam, Deirdre, Elliott)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>bowling!! Beer! fries!&nbsp;</li><li>cam: SEND THE SPAM -- DAY OF reminders are super important&nbsp;</li><li>brew pub before christmas -- day drinking&nbsp;</li><li>suggestions:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>brew pub</li><li>van city theatre - documentaries &#x2F; classics&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><li><strong>Sustainability</strong> (Emma)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>no update&nbsp;</li></ul><li><strong>Wellbeing</strong> (Mike)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>UBC wants want 1 rep&nbsp;</li></ul><li><strong>Party Committee (Joe, others):</strong></li><ul class="bullet"><li>SFU in portalnd -- kelsey chatted with them and they want to meet us to make friends &#55357;&#56476;</li><li>Joe: start calling up places to see about prices for party at AAG</li><ul class="bullet"><li>main input:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>no TVs&nbsp;</li><li>(semi) free drinks - ticket based or just a tab</li></ul><li>Timing:&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>first day?</li></ul></ul><li>any contacts?</li><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul></ul></ul></ul><br><ul><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Grad committee</strong> update (attended by: [Grads] Kelsey, Leo, James, Ida, Elliott, [Faculty] Jim, chair, Jamie Peck, Dan Hiebert, Andreas Christen, Lucy)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Grad commitee meeting proceedings:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Completion time the major (only?) issue raised</li><li>Jamie responded with idea for one day proposal writing workshop, which has been done before - need feedback on this from grads</li><ul class="bullet"><li>nothing is happening despite our concerns</li><li>the biggest problem (in their opinion) is proposal writing&nbsp;</li><li>not satisfying</li><li>we want more enggement w&#x2F; problem --&gt; no sense of faculty trying to help us get around these issues&nbsp;</li><li>the last solutions have only been lavish expensive things&nbsp;</li><li>faculty don&#x27;t suggest action items or agenda items --&gt; they need to get involved!&nbsp;</li><li>completion times have been an issue for ages! --&gt; but no action yet</li></ul><li>Dan emphasised that any concerns with sexual assault, bullying etc, can be raised with the Department...</li><li>Sessional issue: faculty raising the possibility of transforming several courses into &quot;co-taught&quot; classes. Underlined this can be an opportunity for grads. Need a response from us.</li></ul><li>Survey progress (draft virtually completed, almost ready to send to ex-grads and later years) - we will explain&#x2F;provide an overview in the meeting...</li><ul class="bullet"><li>If anyone knows of ex-grads and their contact details we would be happy to add them to the list</li></ul><li>Website - covered below</li><li><strong>**** IF YOU HAVE ANY CONCERNS***: PLEASE CONTACT:</strong></li><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>LEO, IDA, ELLIOTT</strong></li><li>If these issues aren&#x27;t being addressed, we need to bring them up in other venues&nbsp;</li></ul><li>The faculty haven&#x27;t ID&#x27;d real issues:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>let&#x27;s come w&#x2F; solutions --&gt; present them in a concrete way that can&#x27;t be argued</li></ul></ul></ul></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Exit surveys:</strong></li><ul><ul><ul class="bullet"><li>survey phd&#x27;s to see what changes can be made</li><li>use it as a report -- comes to the dept -- we want to change x,y and z</li><li>sending survey soon!&nbsp;</li><li>get feedback --&gt; compile into a doc --&gt; pass it along to propose changes --&gt; then show to grad committee&nbsp;</li><li>please list contact info&#x2F;names for people who&#x27;ve gone through the program --&gt; send email on this</li><li>we want to break up this advice that we want to sit on the website&nbsp;</li></ul></ul><li>adam: related to completion times</li><li>stefanie came up with a report --&gt; length of masters in UBC geog to other geog programs intl. and nationally</li><li>ours is the most vague in terms of expectations --&gt; only informal and de facto ones</li><li>our our also the longest ones&nbsp;</li><li>we should get the digi copy</li><li>there was once a rubric for what a MA thesis should be, but was vehemently rejected&nbsp;</li></ul></ul></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>GGA website: </strong>Joey and Elliott will talk about their ideas for building a collaborative online environment&#x2F;website for the GGA and graduate students in the department</li><ul><ul class="bullet"><li>Elliott and I spent ~3 hours putting together a first version of a UBC Geografriend blog &#x2F; GGA page:</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;ubcgga&#x2e;github&#x2e;io&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;ubcgga.github.io&#x2F;</a></li><li>The vision is to create a place where we can all contribute and put our resources &#x2F; gga meeting notes&nbsp;</li><li>end the email threads of word documents, etc etc</li><li>living documents - we can write and reference the blog &#x2F; etherpads, etc.</li><li>Code of Conduct:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>we&#x27;d like to make a safe space for us to post things and a code of conduct would be great</li><li>ideas? (put them below)&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>no shit talking on students or profs</li><li>we can remove posts that are distasteful</li></ul></ul><li>Joey does quick demo on workflow:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>1. log in to Github</li><li>( you&#x27;ll have to be added as a collaborator first!)&nbsp;</li><li>2. go to &quot;_posts&quot; folder</li><li>3. add a new file --&gt; click &quot;new file&quot;</li><li>4. title format:&nbsp;&nbsp; YYYY-MM-DD-title-separated-by-dashes.md</li><li>5. include a &quot;frontmatter&quot;:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>---</li><li>layout: post</li><li>title:&nbsp; &quot;My first post&quot;</li><li>subtitle: &quot;Woohoo!&quot;</li><li>date:&nbsp;&nbsp; 2015-12-04 23:34:01</li><li>categories: [gga, resources]</li><li>---</li><li>&nbsp;Our first post in the gga blog. You can see the etherpad here:</li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;public&#x2e;etherpad&#x2d;mozilla&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;ubcgga&#x2d;meeting&#x2d;20151204">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;public.etherpad-mozilla.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;ubcgga-meeting-20151204</a></li></ul><li>6. click &quot;commit&quot; new file.</li></ul><li>More documentation coming soon!&nbsp;</li></ul><li>Questions&#x2F;comments?</li><li>all of the GGA minutes are on the old GGA website ( Lucy)</li><li>website issues:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>security: password protection using your student ID&nbsp;</li><li>let&#x27;s get a domain name</li><li>little workshops on making stuff</li></ul><li>before christmas:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>quick intro&nbsp;</li></ul></ul></ul><li><br></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>$$$: </strong>The results of the survey to spend the $1000 are in, and they are to split it between home seminars and a party(ies).&nbsp;&nbsp;</li><ul><ul class="bullet"><li>dedicated to spending the money --&gt; 50&#x2F;50 home seminars and 50 on massive party</li><ul class="bullet"><li>$50.00 per home seminar - that&#x27;s like 50 chicken mcnuggets</li><ul class="bullet"><li>can we spend it on drinks? or does it have to PG?&nbsp;</li></ul><li>$500.00 to the social committee</li><ul class="bullet"><li>nothing really happens in the fall when new cohort comes --&gt; so maybe we can ration it out to make it great</li></ul></ul><li>joe is going to talk to sandy</li></ul><li>Questions&#x2F;comments?</li><li><br></li></ul><li><strong>Climate change statement: </strong>motivated by but not exclusively relevant to recent events around teaching on the physical geography side of the department, some of us feel that the department should have an unambiguous departmental statement on anthropogenic climate change.&nbsp; Wesley and Sara have drafted the following statement, and we look forward to your feedback on Friday:&nbsp;</li><ul><ul class="bullet"><li><em>UBC Geography is committed to enhancing awareness of anthropogenically forced climate change and its adverse effects.&nbsp; We endeavor to further understanding the complex socioeconomic, geopolitical, and geophysical impacts associated with warming, as well as finding and promoting solutions to mitigate these issues. We therefore support the statement from Canada&#x27;s university and college presidents available online at: </em><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;climatechangeaction&#x2e;ca&#x2F;statement"><em>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.climatechangeaction.ca&#x2F;statement</em></a><em>.</em></li><li>sessional instructor --&gt; teaching students skeptical climate change geob102</li><ul class="bullet"><li>SO embarassing</li><li>students are confused and upset&nbsp;</li></ul><li>I&#x27;m having trouble even typing this</li><li>Marwan&#x27;s hands are tied but he&#x27;s sorting it out</li><li>SO: we need a statement to make our position clear</li><li>We need to make a stand</li><li><br></li></ul><li>Questions&#x2F;comments?</li><li>let&#x27;s word it stronger!&nbsp;&nbsp;</li><li>Ian McKendry, Simon Donner, Brett Eaton, and Dan Moore and Andreas Christen --&gt; get them to back it</li><li>signatures of climate statement is voluntary (if prof.s don&#x27;t want to sign it, then they don&#x27;t have to)</li><li>need to be careful about academic freedom&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></body>
</html>
